!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.8	//
<<	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def <<(val)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeNamespace
<<	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def <<(val)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeResourceRoute
ActionController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      module ActionController$/;"	m	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeRouter
ActionView	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/init.rb	/^class ActionView::Base$/;"	c
ActionView	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^module ActionView$/;"	m
ActionView	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/test/test_helper.rb	/^class ActionView::Base$/;"	c
ActiveRecord	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/config/initializers/active_record_extensions.rb	/^module ActiveRecord$/;"	m
ActiveRecord	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/lib/active_record/acts/tree.rb	/^module ActiveRecord$/;"	m
ActiveRecord	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/custom-err-msg/lib/custom_error_message.rb	/^module ActiveRecord$/;"	m
ActiveSupport	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/test_helper.rb	/^class ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
Acts	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/lib/active_record/acts/tree.rb	/^  module Acts$/;"	m	class:ActiveRecord
AdminController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/admin_controller.rb	/^class AdminController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
AdminControllerHelperTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/helpers/admin_controller_helper_test.rb	/^class AdminControllerHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
AdminControllerTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/admin_controller_test.rb	/^class AdminControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase$/;"	c
AdminHelper	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/admin_helper.rb	/^module AdminHelper$/;"	m
AdminHelperTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/helpers/admin_helper_test.rb	/^class AdminHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
Application	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/config/application.rb	/^  class Application < Rails::Application$/;"	c	class:FileManager
Application	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	/^  class Application < Rails::Application$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading.NewConfigurationGenerator.generate_new_application_rb
Application	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	/^  class Application < Rails::Application$/;"	c	class:NewConfigurationGeneratorTest.MyApplication
ApplicationChecker	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^    class ApplicationChecker$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
ApplicationChecker	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^    class ApplicationChecker$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
ApplicationCheckerTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^class ApplicationCheckerTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
ApplicationController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	/^class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base$/;"	c
ApplicationHelper	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^module ApplicationHelper$/;"	m
Authentication	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/authentication.rb	/^module Authentication$/;"	m
Base	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/config/initializers/active_record_extensions.rb	/^  class Base$/;"	c	class:ActiveRecord
Base	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/base.rb	/^    class Base$/;"	c	class:RPH.Navigation
BaseFolder	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/base_folder.rb	/^class BaseFolder < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
BaseFolderTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/base_folder_test.rb	/^class BaseFolderTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
BaseFoldersController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/base_folders_controller.rb	/^class BaseFoldersController < AdminController$/;"	c
BaseFoldersControllerTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/base_folders_controller_test.rb	/^class BaseFoldersControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase$/;"	c
BlankMenuIdentifier	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/error.rb	/^    class BlankMenuIdentifier < Error$/;"	c	class:RPH.Navigation
BrowsingTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	/^class BrowsingTest < ActionDispatch::PerformanceTest$/;"	c
Builder	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/builder.rb	/^    class Builder < Base$/;"	c	class:RPH.Navigation
ClassMethods	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/lib/active_record/acts/tree.rb	/^      module ClassMethods$/;"	m	class:ActiveRecord.Acts.Tree
ClassMethods	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	/^  module ClassMethods$/;"	m	class:SslRequirement
Client	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/client.rb	/^class Client < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
ClientComment	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/client_comment.rb	/^class ClientComment < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
ClientCommentTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/client_comment_test.rb	/^class ClientCommentTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
ClientCommentsController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_comments_controller.rb	/^class ClientCommentsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
ClientCommentsControllerTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/client_comments_controller_test.rb	/^class ClientCommentsControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase$/;"	c
ClientCommentsHelper	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/client_comments_helper.rb	/^module ClientCommentsHelper$/;"	m
ClientIdentification	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/client_identification.rb	/^module ClientIdentification$/;"	m
ClientPerm	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/client_perm.rb	/^class ClientPerm < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
ClientPermTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/client_perm_test.rb	/^class ClientPermTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
ClientPermsController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_perms_controller.rb	/^class ClientPermsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
ClientStatus	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/client_status.rb	/^class ClientStatus < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
ClientStatusTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/client_status_test.rb	/^class ClientStatusTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
ClientStatusesController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_statuses_controller.rb	/^class ClientStatusesController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
ClientStatusesControllerTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/client_statuses_controller_test.rb	/^class ClientStatusesControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase$/;"	c
ClientStatusesHelper	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/client_statuses_helper.rb	/^module ClientStatusesHelper$/;"	m
ClientStatusesHelperTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/helpers/client_statuses_helper_test.rb	/^class ClientStatusesHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
ClientTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/client_test.rb	/^class ClientTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
ClientsController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/clients_controller.rb	/^class ClientsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
ClientsControllerTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/clients_controller_test.rb	/^class ClientsControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase$/;"	c
ClientsHelper	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/clients_helper.rb	/^module ClientsHelper$/;"	m
ClientsHelperTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/helpers/clients_helper_test.rb	/^class ClientsHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
Column	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^    class Column < Struct.new(:type, :name, :human_name)$/;"	c	class:DynamicFormTest
CommentsHelperTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/helpers/comments_helper_test.rb	/^class CommentsHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
ControllerMethods	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation.rb	/^    module ControllerMethods$/;"	m	class:RPH.Navigation
CreateFileManagerDatabase	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/db/migrate/20090519014326_create_file_manager_database.rb	/^class CreateFileManagerDatabase < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
DevelopmentMailInterceptor	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/development_mail_interceptor.rb	/^class DevelopmentMailInterceptor  $/;"	c
DirtyPost	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  class DirtyPost$/;"	c	class:DynamicFormTest
Document	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/document.rb	/^class Document < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
DocumentStatus	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/document_status.rb	/^class DocumentStatus < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
DocumentStatusTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/document_status_test.rb	/^class DocumentStatusTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
DocumentStatusesController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/document_statuses_controller.rb	/^class DocumentStatusesController < AdminController$/;"	c
DocumentStatusesControllerTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/document_statuses_controller_test.rb	/^class DocumentStatusesControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase$/;"	c
DocumentStatusesHelper	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/document_statuses_helper.rb	/^module DocumentStatusesHelper$/;"	m
DocumentStatusesHelperTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/helpers/document_statuses_helper_test.rb	/^class DocumentStatusesHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
DocumentsController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/documents_controller.rb	/^class DocumentsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
DocumentsControllerTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/documents_controller_test.rb	/^class DocumentsControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase$/;"	c
DocumentsHelper	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/documents_helper.rb	/^module DocumentsHelper$/;"	m
DocumentsHelperTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/helpers/documents_helper_test.rb	/^class DocumentsHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
DynamicForm	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^    module DynamicForm$/;"	m	class:ActionView.Helpers
DynamicFormI18nTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_i18n_test.rb	/^class DynamicFormI18nTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
DynamicFormTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^class DynamicFormTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
Error	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/error.rb	/^    class Error < RuntimeError$/;"	c	class:RPH.Navigation
Errors	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/custom-err-msg/lib/custom_error_message.rb	/^  class Errors$/;"	c	class:ActiveRecord
Errors	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^    class Errors$/;"	c	class:DynamicFormTest.DirtyPost
FakeNamespace	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^    class FakeNamespace < RouteObject$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
FakeResourceRoute	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^    class FakeResourceRoute < RouteObject$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
FakeRoute	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^    class FakeRoute < RouteObject$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
FakeRouter	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^    module FakeRouter$/;"	m	class:Rails.Upgrading
FakeSingletonResourceRoute	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^    class FakeSingletonResourceRoute < FakeResourceRoute$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
FeaturesController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/test/test_helper.rb	/^class FeaturesController$/;"	c
FileManager	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/config/application.rb	/^module FileManager$/;"	m
Folder	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/folder.rb	/^class Folder < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
FolderPerm	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/folder_perm.rb	/^class FolderPerm < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
FolderPermTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/folder_perm_test.rb	/^class FolderPermTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
FolderPermsController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/folder_perms_controller.rb	/^class FolderPermsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
FolderTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/folder_test.rb	/^class FolderTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
FoldersController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/folders_controller.rb	/^class FoldersController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
FoldersControllerTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/folders_controller_test.rb	/^class FoldersControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase$/;"	c
FormBuilder	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^    class FormBuilder$/;"	c	class:ActionView.Helpers
FormBuilderMethods	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^      module FormBuilderMethods$/;"	m	class:ActionView.Helpers.DynamicForm
GemfileGenerator	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	/^    class GemfileGenerator$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
GemfileGenerator	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	/^    class GemfileGenerator$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
GemfileGeneratorTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	/^class GemfileGeneratorTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
Helpers	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^  module Helpers$/;"	m	class:ActionView
Helpers	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation.rb	/^    module Helpers$/;"	m	class:RPH.Navigation
HomeController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/test/test_helper.rb	/^class HomeController$/;"	c
InstanceMethods	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/lib/active_record/acts/tree.rb	/^      module InstanceMethods$/;"	m	class:ActiveRecord.Acts.Tree
InstanceTag	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^    class InstanceTag$/;"	c	class:ActionView.Helpers
InstanceTagMethods	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^      module InstanceTagMethods$/;"	m	class:ActionView.Helpers.DynamicForm
InvalidBlock	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/error.rb	/^    class InvalidBlock < Error$/;"	c	class:RPH.Navigation
InvalidMenuDefinition	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/error.rb	/^    class InvalidMenuDefinition < Error$/;"	c	class:RPH.Navigation
InvalidMenuIdentifier	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/error.rb	/^    class InvalidMenuIdentifier < Error$/;"	c	class:RPH.Navigation
Kernel	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/mock.rb	/^module Kernel$/;"	m
Kernel	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/stub.rb	/^module Kernel$/;"	m
LabeledFormBuilder	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/form_builders/labeled_form_builder.rb	/^class LabeledFormBuilder < ActionView::Helpers::FormBuilder$/;"	c
LayoutHelper	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	/^module LayoutHelper$/;"	m
Menu	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/menu.rb	/^    class Menu < Base$/;"	c	class:RPH.Navigation
Mixin	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^class Mixin < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
Mocks	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/mocks.rb	/^  class Mocks$/;"	c	class:Stump
MyApplication	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	/^module MyApplication$/;"	m	class:NewConfigurationGeneratorTest
Navigation	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation.rb	/^  module Navigation$/;"	m	class:RPH
Navigation	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/base.rb	/^  module Navigation$/;"	m	class:RPH
Navigation	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/builder.rb	/^  module Navigation$/;"	m	class:RPH
Navigation	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/error.rb	/^  module Navigation$/;"	m	class:RPH
Navigation	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/menu.rb	/^  module Navigation$/;"	m	class:RPH
Navigation	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/navigator.rb	/^  module Navigation$/;"	m	class:RPH
Navigation	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/nested_menu.rb	/^  module Navigation$/;"	m	class:RPH
NavigationHelpers	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/features/support/paths.rb	/^module NavigationHelpers$/;"	m
NavigationTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/test/navigation_test.rb	/^class NavigationTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
Navigator	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/navigator.rb	/^    class Navigator < Base$/;"	c	class:RPH.Navigation
NestedMenu	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/nested_menu.rb	/^    class NestedMenu < Base$/;"	c	class:RPH.Navigation
NewConfigurationGenerator	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	/^    class NewConfigurationGenerator$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
NewConfigurationGenerator	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	/^    class NewConfigurationGenerator$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
NewConfigurationGeneratorTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	/^class NewConfigurationGeneratorTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
NoMenuDefinitions	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/error.rb	/^    class NoMenuDefinitions < Error$/;"	c	class:RPH.Navigation
NotesHelperTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/helpers/notes_helper_test.rb	/^class NotesHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
Object	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/metaid.rb	/^class Object$/;"	c
Object	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/mock.rb	/^class Object$/;"	c
Object	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/proxy.rb	/^class Object$/;"	c
Object	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/stub.rb	/^class Object$/;"	c
Post	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^    class Post < Struct.new(:title, :author_name, :body, :secret, :written_on)$/;"	c	class:DynamicFormTest
PracticCommentsHelperTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/helpers/client_comments_helper_test.rb	/^class PracticCommentsHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
RPH	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation.rb	/^module RPH$/;"	m
RPH	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/base.rb	/^module RPH$/;"	m
RPH	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/builder.rb	/^module RPH$/;"	m
RPH	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/error.rb	/^module RPH$/;"	m
RPH	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/menu.rb	/^module RPH$/;"	m
RPH	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/navigator.rb	/^module RPH$/;"	m
RPH	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/nested_menu.rb	/^module RPH$/;"	m
Rails	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^module Rails$/;"	m
Rails	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	/^module Rails$/;"	m
Rails	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	/^module Rails$/;"	m
Rails	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^module Rails$/;"	m
Rails	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^module Rails$/;"	m
Rails	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	/^module Rails$/;"	m
Rails	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	/^module Rails$/;"	m
Rails	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^module Rails$/;"	m
RecursivelyCascadedTreeMixin	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^class RecursivelyCascadedTreeMixin < Mixin$/;"	c
Role	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/role.rb	/^class Role < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
RoleTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/role_test.rb	/^class RoleTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
RouteGenerator	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^    class RouteGenerator$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
RouteGenerator	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^    class RouteGenerator$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
RouteObject	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^    class RouteObject$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
RouteRedrawer	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^    class RouteRedrawer$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
Routes	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^          class Routes$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeRouter.ActionController.Routing
RoutesUpgrader	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^    class RoutesUpgrader$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
RoutesUpgrader	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^    class RoutesUpgrader$/;"	c	class:Rails.Upgrading
RoutesUpgraderTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^class RoutesUpgraderTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
Routing	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^        module Routing$/;"	m	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeRouter.ActionController
SessionsHelperTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/helpers/sessions_helper_test.rb	/^class SessionsHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
SslRequirement	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	/^module SslRequirement$/;"	m
SslRequirementController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^class SslRequirementController < ActionController::Base$/;"	c
SslRequirementTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^class SslRequirementTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
StaffUserIdentification	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/staff_user_identification.rb	/^module StaffUserIdentification$/;"	m
States	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/states.rb	/^module States$/;"	m
Stump	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/mocks.rb	/^module Stump$/;"	m
Stump	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/version.rb	/^module Stump$/;"	m
Test	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^class Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Test	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/core_ext/test_case.rb	/^module Test$/;"	m
TestCase	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/core_ext/test_case.rb	/^    class TestCase$/;"	c	class:Test.Unit
Tree	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/lib/active_record/acts/tree.rb	/^    module Tree$/;"	m	class:ActiveRecord.Acts
TreeMixin	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^class TreeMixin < Mixin $/;"	c
TreeMixinWithoutOrder	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^class TreeMixinWithoutOrder < Mixin$/;"	c
TreeTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^class TreeTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
TreeTestWithEagerLoading	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^class TreeTestWithEagerLoading < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
TreeTestWithoutOrder	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^class TreeTestWithoutOrder < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Unit	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/core_ext/test_case.rb	/^  module Unit$/;"	m	class:Test
Upgrading	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^  module Upgrading$/;"	m	class:Rails
Upgrading	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	/^  module Upgrading$/;"	m	class:Rails
Upgrading	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	/^  module Upgrading$/;"	m	class:Rails
Upgrading	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^  module Upgrading$/;"	m	class:Rails
Upgrading	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  module Upgrading$/;"	m	class:Rails
Upgrading	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	/^  module Upgrading$/;"	m	class:Rails
Upgrading	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	/^  module Upgrading$/;"	m	class:Rails
Upgrading	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^  module Upgrading$/;"	m	class:Rails
User	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/user.rb	/^class User < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
User	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^    class User < Struct.new(:email)$/;"	c	class:DynamicFormTest
UserMailer	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/mailers/user_mailer.rb	/^class UserMailer < ActionMailer::Base$/;"	c
UserSession	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/user_session.rb	/^class UserSession < Authlogic::Session::Base$/;"	c
UserSessionTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/user_session_test.rb	/^class UserSessionTest  < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
UserSessionsController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	/^class UserSessionsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
UserSessionsControllerTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/user_sessions_controller_test.rb	/^class UserSessionsControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase$/;"	c
UserTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/user_test.rb	/^class UserTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
UsersController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^class UsersController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
UsersControllerTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	/^class UsersControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase$/;"	c
UsersHelper	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	/^module UsersHelper$/;"	m
UsersHelperTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	/^class UsersHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
VERSION	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/version.rb	/^  module VERSION #:nodoc:$/;"	m	class:Stump
WelcomeController	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/welcome_controller.rb	/^class WelcomeController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
WelcomeControllerTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/welcome_controller_test.rb	/^class WelcomeControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase$/;"	c
WelcomeHelper	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/welcome_helper.rb	/^module WelcomeHelper$/;"	m
WelcomeHelperTest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/unit/helpers/welcome_helper_test.rb	/^class WelcomeHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
[]	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^        def [](field) field == "email" ? ['nonempty'] : [] end$/;"	f	class:setup_user
[]	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^        def [](field)$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormTest.setup_post
[]	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^      def [](field)$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormTest.DirtyPost.Errors
a	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def a$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementController
access_denied	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	/^  def access_denied$/;"	f	class:ApplicationController
action_name	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/test/test_helper.rb	/^  def action_name$/;"	f	class:HomeController
acts_as_tree	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/lib/active_record/acts/tree.rb	/^        def acts_as_tree(options = {})$/;"	f	class:ActiveRecord.Acts.Tree.ClassMethods
add	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/mocks.rb	/^      def add(mock)$/;"	f	class:Stump.Mocks
alert	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def alert(title, text, more_info_url, culprits)$/;"	f
alert	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^      def alert(title, text, more_info_url, culprits)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.ApplicationChecker
all_input_tags	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^      def all_input_tags(record, record_name, options)$/;"	f	class:ActionView.Helpers.DynamicForm
allowed?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/navigator.rb	/^      def allowed?$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.Navigator
ancestors	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/lib/active_record/acts/tree.rb	/^        def ancestors$/;"	f	class:ActiveRecord.Acts.Tree.InstanceMethods
app_name	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	/^      def app_name$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.NewConfigurationGenerator.generate_new_application_rb
app_name	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def app_name$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteGenerator.generate
app_name	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	/^      def app_name$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.NewConfigurationGenerator
app_name	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^      def app_name$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteGenerator
assert_no_queries	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def assert_no_queries(&block)$/;"	f	class:Test
assert_queries	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def assert_queries(num = 1)$/;"	f	class:Test
assign	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_perms_controller.rb	/^  def assign$/;"	f	class:ClientPermsController
assign	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/folder_perms_controller.rb	/^  def assign$/;"	f	class:FolderPermsController
b	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def b$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementController
base_path	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def base_path$/;"	f	class:check_generators
base_path	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^      def base_path$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.ApplicationChecker
basic_alert	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def basic_alert(title, text, more_info_url, culprits)$/;"	f
c	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def c$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementController
change_status	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def change_status$/;"	f	class:UsersController
check_ar_methods	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_ar_methods$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.ApplicationChecker
check_before_validation_on_methods	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_before_validation_on_methods$/;"	f	class:Rails
check_box	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/form_builders/labeled_form_builder.rb	/^  def check_box(field_name, *args)$/;"	f	class:LabeledFormBuilder
check_deprecated_constants	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_deprecated_constants$/;"	f	class:Rails
check_environment	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_environment$/;"	f	class:Rails
check_gems	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_gems$/;"	f
check_generators	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_generators$/;"	f
check_mailers	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_mailers$/;"	f
check_old_ajax_helpers	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_old_ajax_helpers$/;"	f	class:check_generators.check_plugins
check_old_cookie_secret	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_old_cookie_secret$/;"	f	class:check_generators.check_plugins
check_old_helpers	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_old_helpers$/;"	f	class:check_generators.check_plugins
check_old_session_secret	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_old_session_secret$/;"	f	class:check_generators.check_plugins
check_old_session_setting	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_old_session_setting$/;"	f	class:check_generators.check_plugins
check_plugins	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_plugins$/;"	f	class:check_generators
check_routes	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_routes$/;"	f	class:Rails
check_test_help	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_test_help$/;"	f	class:Rails
check_validation_on_methods	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def check_validation_on_methods$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading
class_def	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/metaid.rb	/^  def class_def name, &blk$/;"	f	class:Object
clear!	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/mocks.rb	/^      def clear!$/;"	f	class:Stump.Mocks
clear_files	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def clear_files$/;"	f
color_alert	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def color_alert(title, text, more_info_url, culprits)$/;"	f
column_type	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^        def column_type$/;"	f	class:ActionView.Helpers.DynamicForm.InstanceTagMethods
comment_email_from_us	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/mailers/user_mailer.rb	/^  def comment_email_from_us(commented_on_user_model, commenting_user,$/;"	f	class:UserMailer
comment_email_to_us	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/mailers/user_mailer.rb	/^  def comment_email_to_us(commented_on_user_model, commenting_user,$/;"	f	class:UserMailer
config	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/builder.rb	/^      def self.config$/;"	F	class:RPH.Navigation.Builder
config	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	/^      def config$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.GemfileGenerator
connect	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def connect(path, options={})$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteRedrawer
construct_html	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/navigator.rb	/^      def construct_html(menu, nested = false)$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.Navigator
content_columns	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^      def Post.content_columns() [ Column.new(:date, "written_on", "Written on") ] end$/;"	F	class:test_form_with_date
content_columns	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^      def Post.content_columns() [ Column.new(:datetime, "written_on", "Written on") ] end$/;"	F	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
content_columns	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^      def Post.content_columns() [ Column.new(:string, "title", "Title"), Column.new(:text, "body", "Body") ] end$/;"	F
content_columns	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^      def User.content_columns() [ Column.new(:string, "email", "Email") ] end$/;"	F
controller_name	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/test/test_helper.rb	/^  def controller_name$/;"	f	class:FeaturesController
controller_name	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/test/test_helper.rb	/^  def controller_name$/;"	f	class:HomeController
correct_client_assignment	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/user.rb	/^  def correct_client_assignment$/;"	f	class:User
count	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^        def count() 1 end$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormTest.setup_post
count	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^        def count() 1 end$/;"	f	class:setup_user.[]
count	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^      def count$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormTest.DirtyPost.Errors
create	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/admin_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:AdminController
create	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/base_folders_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:BaseFoldersController
create	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_comments_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:ClientCommentsController
create	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_statuses_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:ClientStatusesController
create	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/clients_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:ClientsController
create	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/document_statuses_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:DocumentStatusesController
create	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/documents_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:DocumentsController
create	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/folders_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:FoldersController
create	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:UserSessionsController
create	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:UsersController
create_client	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/clients_controller_test.rb	/^  def create_client$/;"	f
create_user	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	/^  def create_user$/;"	f
css_class	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/navigator.rb	/^      def css_class$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.Navigator
current_client	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/client_identification.rb	/^  def current_client$/;"	f	class:ClientIdentification
current_client_and_folder_selection_required	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/client_identification.rb	/^  def current_client_and_folder_selection_required$/;"	f	class:ClientIdentification
current_client_selection_required	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/client_identification.rb	/^  def current_client_selection_required$/;"	f	class:ClientIdentification
current_css	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/navigator.rb	/^      def current_css(item, nested = false)$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.Navigator.construct_html
current_folder	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/client_identification.rb	/^  def current_folder$/;"	f	class:ClientIdentification
current_parent	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def current_parent$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteRedrawer
current_section	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation.rb	/^      def current_section(section = nil)        $/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.ControllerMethods
current_staff_user	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/staff_user_identification.rb	/^  def current_staff_user$/;"	f	class:StaffUserIdentification
current_staff_user_and_client_selection_required	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/staff_user_identification.rb	/^  def current_staff_user_and_client_selection_required$/;"	f	class:StaffUserIdentification
current_staff_user_client	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/staff_user_identification.rb	/^  def current_staff_user_client$/;"	f	class:StaffUserIdentification
current_staff_user_selection_required	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/staff_user_identification.rb	/^  def current_staff_user_selection_required$/;"	f	class:StaffUserIdentification
current_user	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	/^    def current_user$/;"	f	class:ApplicationController
current_user_session	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	/^    def current_user_session$/;"	f	class:ApplicationController
custom_home_path	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/test/test_helper.rb	/^  def custom_home_path$/;"	f	class:ActionView
custom_methods	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def custom_methods$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeResourceRoute
d	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def d$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementController
debug	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def debug(txt)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteRedrawer
default_input_block	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^      def default_input_block$/;"	f	class:ActionView.Helpers.DynamicForm
define	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/builder.rb	/^      def define(*args)$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.Builder
delete_perms	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_perms_controller.rb	/^  def delete_perms$/;"	f	class:ClientPermsController
delivering_email	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/development_mail_interceptor.rb	/^  def self.delivering_email(message)  $/;"	F	class:DevelopmentMailInterceptor
destroy	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/admin_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:AdminController
destroy	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/base_folders_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:BaseFoldersController
destroy	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_statuses_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:ClientStatusesController
destroy	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/clients_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:ClientsController
destroy	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/document_statuses_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:DocumentStatusesController
destroy	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/documents_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:DocumentsController
destroy	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/folders_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:FoldersController
destroy	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:UserSessionsController
disect	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/navigator.rb	/^      def disect(item, opts)$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.Navigator
display_privacy_statement	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/welcome_controller.rb	/^  def display_privacy_statement$/;"	f	class:WelcomeController
down	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/db/migrate/20090519014326_create_file_manager_database.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F	class:CreateFileManagerDatabase
download_document	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/documents_controller.rb	/^  def download_document$/;"	f	class:DocumentsController
draw	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^            def self.draw$/;"	F	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeRouter.ActionController.Routing.Routes
edit	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/admin_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:AdminController
edit	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/base_folders_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:BaseFoldersController
edit	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_statuses_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:ClientStatusesController
edit	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/clients_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:ClientsController
edit	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/document_statuses_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:DocumentStatusesController
edit	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/documents_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:DocumentsController
edit	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/folders_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:FoldersController
edit	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:UsersController
edit_password	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def edit_password$/;"	f	class:UsersController
empty?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^        def empty?() false end$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormTest.setup_post
empty?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^        def empty?() false end$/;"	f	class:setup_user.[]
empty?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^      def empty?$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormTest.DirtyPost.Errors
ensure_proper_protocol	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	/^    def ensure_proper_protocol$/;"	f	class:SslRequirement
environment_code	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	/^      def environment_code$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.GemfileGenerator
environment_code	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	/^      def environment_code$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.NewConfigurationGenerator
environment_code	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	/^      def environment_code$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.GemfileGenerator
environment_code	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	/^      def environment_code$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.NewConfigurationGenerator
error_message_on	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^        def error_message_on(method, *args)$/;"	f	class:ActionView.Helpers.DynamicForm.FormBuilderMethods
error_message_on	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^      def error_message_on(object, method, *args)$/;"	f	class:ActionView.Helpers.DynamicForm
error_messages	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/form_builders/labeled_form_builder.rb	/^  def error_messages(*args)$/;"	f	class:LabeledFormBuilder.many_check_boxes
error_messages	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^        def error_messages(options = {})$/;"	f	class:ActionView.Helpers.DynamicForm.FormBuilderMethods
error_messages_for	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^      def error_messages_for(*params)$/;"	f	class:ActionView.Helpers.DynamicForm
errors	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^    def errors$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormTest.DirtyPost
events_path	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/test/test_helper.rb	/^  def events_path$/;"	f	class:ActionView
execute_proc	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/navigator.rb	/^      def execute_proc(proc)$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.Navigator
extract_filenames	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def extract_filenames(output)$/;"	f
extract_filenames_from_grep	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def extract_filenames_from_grep(output)$/;"	f
extract_filenames_from_rak	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def extract_filenames_from_rak(output)$/;"	f
failures	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/mocks.rb	/^      def failures$/;"	f	class:Stump.Mocks
features_path	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/test/test_helper.rb	/^  def features_path$/;"	f	class:ActionView
field_label	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/form_builders/labeled_form_builder.rb	/^  def field_label(field_name, *args)$/;"	f	class:LabeledFormBuilder.many_check_boxes
field_required?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/form_builders/labeled_form_builder.rb	/^  def field_required?(field_name)$/;"	f	class:LabeledFormBuilder.many_check_boxes
filter_by_status	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/config/initializers/active_record_extensions.rb	/^    def self.filter_by_status(filter, current_page, filter_field, user_role, perms)$/;"	F	class:ActiveRecord.Base
filter_checked?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def filter_checked?(which_action)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
find_with_grep	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def find_with_grep(text, where, double_quote, perl_regex = false)$/;"	f	class:check_generators
find_with_rak	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def find_with_rak(text, where, double_quote)$/;"	f
flash_messages	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def flash_messages$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
folder_checked?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def folder_checked?(which_action)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
folder_perms_exist?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/clients_helper.rb	/^  def folder_perms_exist?(userid,clientid)$/;"	f	class:ClientsHelper
form	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^      def form(record_name, options = {})$/;"	f	class:ActionView.Helpers.DynamicForm
form_for	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def form_for(*)$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormTest
full_messages	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/custom-err-msg/lib/custom_error_message.rb	/^    def full_messages$/;"	f	class:ActiveRecord.Errors
full_messages	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^        def full_messages() [ "Author name can't be empty" ] end$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormTest.setup_post
full_messages	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^        def full_messages() [ "User email can't be empty" ] end$/;"	f	class:setup_user.[]
full_messages	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^      def full_messages$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormTest.DirtyPost.Errors
gem	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	/^      def gem(name, options={})$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.GemfileGenerator
generate	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def generate$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteGenerator
generate_custom_methods_for	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def generate_custom_methods_for(group)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeResourceRoute
generate_gemfile	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	/^      def generate_gemfile$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.GemfileGenerator
generate_new_application_rb	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	/^      def generate_new_application_rb$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.NewConfigurationGenerator
generate_new_configurations	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	/^      def generate_new_configurations$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.NewConfigurationGenerator
generate_new_gemfile	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	/^      def generate_new_gemfile$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.GemfileGenerator
generate_new_routes	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def generate_new_routes$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RoutesUpgrader
generate_upgraded_code	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	/^      def generate_upgraded_code   $/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.GemfileGenerator
get_filter_by_value	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def get_filter_by_value(ary, filter_id)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
get_folder_value	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def get_folder_value(ary, folder_id)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
get_parent_id	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/folders_controller.rb	/^  def get_parent_id$/;"	f	class:FoldersController
get_search_field	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	/^  def get_search_field$/;"	f	class:ApplicationController
grep_for	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def grep_for(text, where = ".\/", double_quote = false, perl_regex = false)$/;"	f	class:check_generators.check_plugins
grep_for_with_perl_regex	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def grep_for_with_perl_regex(text, where = ".\/", double_quote = false)$/;"	f	class:check_generators.check_plugins
h_link_to	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def h_link_to(link_str, rel_path)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
has_environment?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	/^      def has_environment?$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.GemfileGenerator
has_environment?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	/^      def has_environment?$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.NewConfigurationGenerator
has_environment?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	/^      def has_environment?$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.GemfileGenerator
has_environment?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	/^      def has_environment?$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.NewConfigurationGenerator
has_routes_file?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def has_routes_file?$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RoutesUpgrader
has_routes_file?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^      def has_routes_file?$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RoutesUpgrader
home_path	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/test/test_helper.rb	/^  def home_path$/;"	f	class:ActionView
id	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^        def id() 1 end$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_string
in_rails_app?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def in_rails_app?$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.ApplicationChecker
in_rails_app?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^      def in_rails_app?$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.ApplicationChecker
included	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/authentication.rb	/^  def self.included(controller)$/;"	F	class:Authentication
included	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/client_identification.rb	/^  def self.included(controller)$/;"	F	class:ClientIdentification
included	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/staff_user_identification.rb	/^  def self.included(controller)$/;"	F	class:StaffUserIdentification
included	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/states.rb	/^  def self.included(controller)$/;"	F	class:States
included	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/lib/active_record/acts/tree.rb	/^      def self.included(base)$/;"	F	class:ActiveRecord.Acts.Tree
included	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	/^  def self.included(controller)$/;"	F	class:SslRequirement
indent	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/new_configuration_generator.rb	/^      def indent(text)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.NewConfigurationGenerator.generate_new_application_rb
indent	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def self.indent$/;"	F	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteRedrawer
indent_lines	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def indent_lines(code_lines)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteObject
index	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/admin_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:AdminController
index	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/base_folders_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:BaseFoldersController
index	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_comments_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:ClientCommentsController
index	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_perms_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:ClientPermsController
index	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_statuses_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:ClientStatusesController
index	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/clients_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:ClientsController
index	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/document_statuses_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:DocumentStatusesController
index	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/documents_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:DocumentsController
index	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/folder_perms_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:FolderPermsController
index	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/folders_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:FoldersController
index	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:UsersController
index	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/welcome_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:WelcomeController
initialize	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/admin_controller.rb	/^  def initialize$/;"	f	class:AdminController
initialize	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/menu.rb	/^      def initialize(name, options = {})$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.Menu
initialize	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/navigator.rb	/^      def initialize(name, options)$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.Navigator
initialize	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/nested_menu.rb	/^      def initialize(menu, parent)$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.NestedMenu
initialize	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def initialize$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.ApplicationChecker
initialize	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	/^      def initialize$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.GemfileGenerator
initialize	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def initialize$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteRedrawer
initialize	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def initialize(name)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeNamespace
initialize	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def initialize(name, options = {})$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeResourceRoute
initialize	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def initialize(path, options, name = "")$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeRoute
initialize	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def initialize(routes)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteGenerator
initialize	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^      def initialize$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.ApplicationChecker
input	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^      def input(record_name, method, options = {})$/;"	f	class:ActionView.Helpers.DynamicForm
inside_layout	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def inside_layout(layout = 'application', &block)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
instruct	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/admin_controller.rb	/^  def instruct$/;"	f	class:AdminController
is_admin?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/authentication.rb	/^  def is_admin?$/;"	f	class:Authentication
is_eclient?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/authentication.rb	/^  def is_eclient?$/;"	f	class:Authentication
is_internal?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/authentication.rb	/^  def is_internal?$/;"	f	class:Authentication
is_leader?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/authentication.rb	/^  def is_leader?$/;"	f	class:Authentication
is_staff?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/authentication.rb	/^  def is_staff?$/;"	f	class:Authentication
item	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/menu.rb	/^      def item(key, options = {}, &block)$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.Menu
item	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/nested_menu.rb	/^      def item(key, options = {})$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.NestedMenu
items	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/navigator.rb	/^      def items$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.Navigator
javascript	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	/^  def javascript(*args)$/;"	f	class:LayoutHelper
labeled_form_for	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def labeled_form_for(*args, &block)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
last	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def last$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeNamespace
last	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def last$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeResourceRoute
links	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/navigator.rb	/^      def links$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.Navigator
load_current_theme	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	/^  def load_current_theme$/;"	f	class:ApplicationController
logged_in?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/authentication.rb	/^  def logged_in?$/;"	f	class:Authentication
login_required	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/authentication.rb	/^  def login_required$/;"	f	class:Authentication
make_file	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def make_file(where, name=nil, contents=nil)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
many_check_boxes	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/form_builders/labeled_form_builder.rb	/^  def many_check_boxes(name, subobjects, id_method, name_method, options = {})$/;"	f	class:LabeledFormBuilder
message	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/error.rb	/^      def self.message(msg = nil)$/;"	F	class:RPH.Navigation.Error
message	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/error.rb	/^      def self.message=(msg)$/;"	F	class:RPH.Navigation.Error
meta_def	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/metaid.rb	/^  def meta_def name, &blk$/;"	f	class:Object
meta_eval	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/metaid.rb	/^  def meta_eval &blk; metaclass.instance_eval &blk; end$/;"	f	class:Object
metaclass	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/metaid.rb	/^  def metaclass; class << self; self; end; end$/;"	f	class:Object
method_missing	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def method_missing(m, *args)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteRedrawer
mock	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/mock.rb	/^  def mock(method, options = {}, &block)$/;"	f	class:Kernel
mock!	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/mock.rb	/^  def mock!(method, options = {}, &block)    $/;"	f	class:Object
my_search	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/config/initializers/active_record_extensions.rb	/^    def self.my_search(search, current_page, search_field, user_role, perms)$/;"	F	class:ActiveRecord.Base
namespace	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def namespace(name)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteRedrawer
navigation	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation.rb	/^      def navigation(key, options = {})$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.Helpers
nest	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/folders_controller.rb	/^  def nest$/;"	f	class:FoldersController
new	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/admin_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:AdminController
new	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/base_folders_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:BaseFoldersController
new	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_statuses_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:ClientStatusesController
new	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/clients_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:ClientsController
new	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/document_statuses_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:DocumentStatusesController
new	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/documents_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:DocumentsController
new	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/folders_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:FoldersController
new	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:UserSessionsController
new	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:UsersController
normalize	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/base.rb	/^      def normalize(val)$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.Base
objectify_options	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/form_builders/labeled_form_builder.rb	/^  def objectify_options(options)$/;"	f	class:LabeledFormBuilder.many_check_boxes
opts_to_string	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def opts_to_string(opts)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteObject
output	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/gemfile_generator.rb	/^      def output$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.GemfileGenerator
owner	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/folder.rb	/^  def owner$/;"	f	class:Folder
parent_layout	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def parent_layout(layout)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
path_to	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/features/support/paths.rb	/^  def path_to(page_name)$/;"	f	class:NavigationHelpers
persisted?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^        def persisted?() true end$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_string
populate	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/folders_controller.rb	/^  def populate$/;"	f	class:FoldersController
protect_against_forgery?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def protect_against_forgery?$/;"	f
proxy!	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/proxy.rb	/^  def proxy!(method, options = {}, &block)$/;"	f	class:Object
proxy_existing_method	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/proxy.rb	/^  def proxy_existing_method(method, options = {}, &block)$/;"	f	class:Object
proxy_missing_method	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/proxy.rb	/^  def proxy_missing_method(method, options = {}, &block)$/;"	f
redrawer	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^            def self.redrawer$/;"	F	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeRouter.ActionController.Routing.Routes
render_crud_table	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def render_crud_table(obj,controller_name,columns,search_fields_array,status_array,actions)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
render_error_messages	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def render_error_messages(*objects)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
reset	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	/^  def reset$/;"	f	class:UserSessionsController
resource	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def resource(*args)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteRedrawer
resources	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def resources(*args)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteRedrawer
root	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/lib/active_record/acts/tree.rb	/^            def self.root$/;"	F	class:ActiveRecord.Acts.Tree.ClassMethods.acts_as_tree
root	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/lib/active_record/acts/tree.rb	/^        def root$/;"	f	class:ActiveRecord.Acts.Tree.InstanceMethods
root	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def root(options)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteRedrawer
root_path	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/test/test_helper.rb	/^  def root_path$/;"	f	class:ActionView
roots	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/lib/active_record/acts/tree.rb	/^            def self.roots$/;"	F	class:ActiveRecord.Acts.Tree.ClassMethods.acts_as_tree
route_method	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def route_method$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeResourceRoute
route_method	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def route_method$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeSingletonResourceRoute
routes_code	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def routes_code$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RoutesUpgrader
routes_code	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^      def routes_code$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RoutesUpgrader
run	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/application_checker.rb	/^      def run$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.ApplicationChecker
search_checked?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def search_checked?(which_action)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
self_and_siblings	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/lib/active_record/acts/tree.rb	/^        def self_and_siblings$/;"	f	class:ActiveRecord.Acts.Tree.InstanceMethods
send_email	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	/^  def send_email(commented_on_user_model, commenting_user_id, email_subject, email_text)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationController
set_basic_info_tab	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/clients_controller.rb	/^  def set_basic_info_tab$/;"	f	class:ClientsController
set_current_client	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/clients_controller.rb	/^  def set_current_client$/;"	f	class:ClientsController
set_current_folder	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/folders_controller.rb	/^  def set_current_folder$/;"	f	class:FoldersController
set_current_staff_user	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def set_current_staff_user$/;"	f	class:UsersController
set_current_staff_user_client	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_perms_controller.rb	/^  def set_current_staff_user_client$/;"	f	class:ClientPermsController
set_current_user	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/test_helper.rb	/^def set_current_user(this_user)$/;"	f
set_flash	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def set_flash$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementController
set_notes_tab	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_comments_controller.rb	/^  def set_notes_tab$/;"	f	class:ClientCommentsController
set_theme	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def set_theme$/;"	f	class:UsersController
setup	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def setup                               $/;"	f	class:TreeTestWithoutOrder
setup	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def setup $/;"	f	class:TreeTestWithEagerLoading
setup	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f	class:TreeTest
setup	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_i18n_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormI18nTest
setup	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f
setup	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/test/navigation_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f	class:NavigationTest
setup	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^            def self.setup$/;"	F	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeRouter.ActionController.Routing.Routes
setup	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
setup	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f	class:RoutesUpgraderTest
setup	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementTest
setup_db	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^def setup_db$/;"	f
setup_post	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def setup_post$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormTest
setup_user	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def setup_user$/;"	f
show	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/admin_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:AdminController
show	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/base_folders_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:BaseFoldersController
show	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_statuses_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:ClientStatusesController
show	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/clients_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:ClientsController
show	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/document_statuses_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:DocumentStatusesController
show	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/folders_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:FoldersController
show_current_client	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	/^  def show_current_client$/;"	f	class:LayoutHelper
show_current_user	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	/^  def show_current_user$/;"	f	class:LayoutHelper
show_document_edit_delete_links	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def show_document_edit_delete_links(doc_record)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
show_menu?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/test/navigation_test.rb	/^        def show_menu?$/;"	f
show_menu?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/test/test_helper.rb	/^  def show_menu?$/;"	f	class:ActionView
show_title?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	/^  def show_title?$/;"	f	class:LayoutHelper
siblings	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/lib/active_record/acts/tree.rb	/^        def siblings$/;"	f	class:ActiveRecord.Acts.Tree.InstanceMethods
ssl_allowed	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	/^    def ssl_allowed(*actions)$/;"	f	class:SslRequirement.ClassMethods
ssl_allowed?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	/^    def ssl_allowed?$/;"	f	class:SslRequirement
ssl_required	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	/^    def ssl_required(*actions)$/;"	f	class:SslRequirement.ClassMethods
ssl_required?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	/^    def ssl_required?$/;"	f	class:SslRequirement
stack	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def self.stack$/;"	F	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteRedrawer
stack	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def self.stack=(val)$/;"	F	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteRedrawer
stack	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def stack(obj)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteRedrawer
status	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/document.rb	/^  def status$/;"	f	class:Document
stub	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/stub.rb	/^  def stub(method, options = {}, &block)$/;"	f	class:Kernel
stub!	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/stub.rb	/^  def stub!(method, options = {}, &block)$/;"	f	class:Object
stumpdown!	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/core_ext/test_case.rb	/^      def stumpdown!$/;"	f	class:Test.Unit.TestCase
stylesheet	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	/^  def stylesheet(*args)$/;"	f	class:LayoutHelper
sub_navigation	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def sub_navigation$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
submit	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/form_builders/labeled_form_builder.rb	/^  def submit(label = "Submit", options = {})$/;"	f	class:LabeledFormBuilder
teardown	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def teardown$/;"	f	class:TreeTest
teardown	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def teardown$/;"	f	class:TreeTestWithEagerLoading
teardown	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def teardown$/;"	f	class:TreeTestWithoutOrder
teardown	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def teardown$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
teardown	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/core_ext/test_case.rb	/^      def teardown$/;"	f	class:Test.Unit.TestCase
teardown_db	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^def teardown_db$/;"	f
test_allowed_with_ssl	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def test_allowed_with_ssl$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementTest
test_allowed_without_ssl	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def test_allowed_without_ssl$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementTest
test_ancestors	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def test_ancestors$/;"	f	class:TreeTest
test_can_add_sources	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	/^  def test_can_add_sources$/;"	f	class:GemfileGeneratorTest
test_changes_lib_to_new_key	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	/^  def test_changes_lib_to_new_key$/;"	f	class:GemfileGeneratorTest
test_check_ar_methods_in_controller	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_ar_methods_in_controller$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_ar_methods_in_models	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_ar_methods_in_models$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_before_validation_on_methods	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_before_validation_on_methods$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_deprecated_constants_in_app_code	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_deprecated_constants_in_app_code$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_deprecated_constants_in_lib	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_deprecated_constants_in_lib$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_deprecated_cookie_settings	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_deprecated_cookie_settings$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_deprecated_session_secret	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_deprecated_session_secret$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_deprecated_session_settings	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_deprecated_session_settings$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_environment_syntax	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_environment_syntax$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_for_old_test_help	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_for_old_test_help$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_for_old_test_help_doesnt_see_test_helper	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_for_old_test_help_doesnt_see_test_helper$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_for_old_test_help_with_double_quotes	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_for_old_test_help_with_double_quotes$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_gems	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_gems$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_generators	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_generators$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_helpers	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_helpers$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_lack_of_app_dot_rb	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_lack_of_app_dot_rb$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_mailer_api	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_mailer_api$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_mailer_syntax	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_mailer_syntax$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_mailer_syntax_attachment	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_mailer_syntax_attachment$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_mailer_syntax_from	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_mailer_syntax_from$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_mailer_syntax_subject	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_mailer_syntax_subject$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_old_ajax_helpers	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_old_ajax_helpers$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_old_ajax_helpers_empty	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_old_ajax_helpers_empty$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_plugins	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_plugins$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_routes	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_routes$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_check_validation_on_methods	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_check_validation_on_methods$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_children	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def test_children$/;"	f	class:TreeTest
test_default_form_builder_no_instance_variable	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_default_form_builder_no_instance_variable$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_default_form_builder_with_dynamic_form_helpers	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_default_form_builder_with_dynamic_form_helpers$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_delete	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def test_delete$/;"	f	class:TreeTest
test_disallowed_with_ssl	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def test_disallowed_with_ssl$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementTest
test_disallowed_without_ssl	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def test_disallowed_without_ssl$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementTest
test_eager_association_loading	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def test_eager_association_loading$/;"	f	class:TreeTestWithEagerLoading
test_eager_association_loading_with_recursive_cascading_three_levels_belongs_to	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def test_eager_association_loading_with_recursive_cascading_three_levels_belongs_to$/;"	f	class:TreeTestWithEagerLoading
test_eager_association_loading_with_recursive_cascading_three_levels_has_many	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def test_eager_association_loading_with_recursive_cascading_three_levels_has_many$/;"	f	class:TreeTestWithEagerLoading
test_eager_association_loading_with_recursive_cascading_three_levels_has_one	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def test_eager_association_loading_with_recursive_cascading_three_levels_has_one$/;"	f	class:TreeTestWithEagerLoading
test_error_for_block	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_error_for_block$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_error_message_on	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_error_message_on$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_error_message_on_escapes_html	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_error_message_on_escapes_html$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_error_message_on_handles_empty_errors	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_error_message_on_handles_empty_errors$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_error_message_on_handles_nil	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_error_message_on_handles_nil$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_error_message_on_no_instance_variable	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_error_message_on_no_instance_variable$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_error_message_on_with_options_hash	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_error_message_on_with_options_hash$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_error_message_on_with_tag_option_in_options_hash	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_error_message_on_with_tag_option_in_options_hash$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_error_messages_for_escapes_html	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_error_messages_for_escapes_html$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_error_messages_for_given_a_header_option_it_does_not_translate_header_message	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_i18n_test.rb	/^  def test_error_messages_for_given_a_header_option_it_does_not_translate_header_message$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormI18nTest
test_error_messages_for_given_a_message_option_it_does_not_translate_message	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_i18n_test.rb	/^  def test_error_messages_for_given_a_message_option_it_does_not_translate_message$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormI18nTest
test_error_messages_for_given_no_header_option_it_translates_header_message	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_i18n_test.rb	/^  def test_error_messages_for_given_no_header_option_it_translates_header_message$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormI18nTest
test_error_messages_for_given_no_message_option_it_translates_message	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_i18n_test.rb	/^  def test_error_messages_for_given_no_message_option_it_translates_message$/;"	f	class:DynamicFormI18nTest
test_error_messages_for_handles_nil	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_error_messages_for_handles_nil$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_error_messages_for_many_objects	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_error_messages_for_many_objects$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_error_messages_for_model_objects	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_error_messages_for_model_objects$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_error_messages_for_non_instance_variable	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_error_messages_for_non_instance_variable$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_field_error_proc	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_field_error_proc$/;"	f
test_form_with_action_option	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_form_with_action_option$/;"	f
test_form_with_date	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_form_with_date$/;"	f
test_form_with_datetime	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_form_with_datetime$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date
test_form_with_method_option	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_form_with_method_option$/;"	f
test_form_with_protect_against_forgery	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_form_with_protect_against_forgery$/;"	f
test_form_with_string	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_form_with_string$/;"	f
test_form_with_string_multipart	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_form_with_string_multipart$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_date.test_form_with_datetime
test_generates_code_for_default_route	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^  def test_generates_code_for_default_route$/;"	f
test_generates_code_for_named_route	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^  def test_generates_code_for_named_route$/;"	f
test_generates_code_for_namespace	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^  def test_generates_code_for_namespace$/;"	f
test_generates_code_for_regular_route	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^  def test_generates_code_for_regular_route$/;"	f
test_generates_code_for_resources	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^  def test_generates_code_for_resources$/;"	f
test_generates_code_for_resources_with_special_methods	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^  def test_generates_code_for_resources_with_special_methods$/;"	f
test_generates_code_for_root	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^  def test_generates_code_for_root$/;"	f
test_generates_code_for_route_with_extra_params	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^  def test_generates_code_for_route_with_extra_params$/;"	f
test_generates_code_for_route_with_requirements	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^  def test_generates_code_for_route_with_requirements$/;"	f
test_generates_routes_file	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/routes_upgrader_test.rb	/^  def test_generates_routes_file$/;"	f	class:RoutesUpgraderTest
test_generates_with_all_options	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	/^  def test_generates_with_all_options$/;"	f	class:GemfileGeneratorTest
test_generates_with_code	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	/^  def test_generates_with_code$/;"	f	class:NewConfigurationGeneratorTest.MyApplication
test_generates_with_gem	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	/^  def test_generates_with_gem$/;"	f	class:GemfileGeneratorTest
test_generates_with_no_gems	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	/^  def test_generates_with_no_gems$/;"	f	class:GemfileGeneratorTest
test_generates_with_version	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/gemfile_generator_test.rb	/^  def test_generates_with_version$/;"	f	class:GemfileGeneratorTest
test_generic_input_tag	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_generic_input_tag$/;"	f
test_homepage	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	/^  def test_homepage$/;"	f	class:BrowsingTest
test_ignoring_comments	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_ignoring_comments$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_insert	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def test_insert$/;"	f	class:TreeTest
test_named_scope_left_over	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_named_scope_left_over$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_new_check_mailer_syntax_attachments	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_new_check_mailer_syntax_attachments$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_new_check_mailer_syntax_from	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_new_check_mailer_syntax_from$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_new_check_mailer_syntax_subject	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/application_checker_test.rb	/^  def test_new_check_mailer_syntax_subject$/;"	f	class:ApplicationCheckerTest
test_not_redirecting_to_http_does_not_preserve_the_flash	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def test_not_redirecting_to_http_does_not_preserve_the_flash$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementTest
test_not_redirecting_to_https_does_not_preserve_the_flash	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def test_not_redirecting_to_https_does_not_preserve_the_flash$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementTest
test_parent	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def test_parent$/;"	f	class:TreeTest
test_raises_error_with_no_code	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/test/new_configuration_generator_test.rb	/^  def test_raises_error_with_no_code$/;"	f	class:NewConfigurationGeneratorTest.MyApplication
test_redirect_to_http_preserves_flash	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def test_redirect_to_http_preserves_flash$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementTest
test_redirect_to_https_preserves_flash	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def test_redirect_to_https_preserves_flash$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementTest
test_required_with_ssl	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def test_required_with_ssl$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementTest
test_required_without_ssl	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	/^  def test_required_without_ssl$/;"	f	class:SslRequirementTest
test_root	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def test_root$/;"	f	class:TreeTest
test_root	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def test_root$/;"	f	class:TreeTestWithoutOrder
test_roots	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def test_roots$/;"	f	class:TreeTest
test_roots	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def test_roots$/;"	f	class:TreeTestWithoutOrder
test_self_and_siblings	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def test_self_and_siblings$/;"	f	class:TreeTest
test_siblings	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/acts_as_tree/test/acts_as_tree_test.rb	/^  def test_siblings$/;"	f	class:TreeTest
test_text_area_with_errors	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_text_area_with_errors$/;"	f
test_text_field_with_errors	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def test_text_field_with_errors$/;"	f
title	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	/^  def title(page_title, show_title = true)$/;"	f	class:LayoutHelper
to_key	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/models/user_session.rb	/^  def to_key$/;"	f	class:UserSession
to_param	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^        def to_param() id end$/;"	f	class:test_form_with_string
to_route_code	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def to_route_code$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeNamespace
to_route_code	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def to_route_code$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeResourceRoute
to_route_code	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def to_route_code$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.FakeRoute
to_tag	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	/^        def to_tag(options = {})$/;"	f	class:ActionView.Helpers.DynamicForm.InstanceTagMethods
toggle_help	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def toggle_help$/;"	f	class:UsersController
toggle_help_for_user	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	/^  def toggle_help_for_user$/;"	f
up	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/db/migrate/20090519014326_create_file_manager_database.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F	class:CreateFileManagerDatabase
update	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/admin_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:AdminController
update	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/base_folders_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:BaseFoldersController
update	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/client_statuses_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:ClientStatusesController
update	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/clients_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:ClientsController
update	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/document_statuses_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:DocumentStatusesController
update	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/documents_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:DocumentsController
update	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/folders_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:FoldersController
update	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:UsersController
update_client	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/clients_controller_test.rb	/^  def update_client(this_client)$/;"	f
update_password	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def update_password$/;"	f	class:UsersController
update_status	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	/^  def update_status(this_user)$/;"	f
update_theme	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	/^  def update_theme$/;"	f
update_user	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	/^  def update_user(this_user)$/;"	f
upgrade_routes	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def upgrade_routes$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RoutesUpgrader
url_for	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	/^  def url_for(options)$/;"	f
us_state_codes	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/states.rb	/^    def us_state_codes$/;"	f	class:States
us_state_names	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/states.rb	/^    def us_state_names$/;"	f	class:States
us_state_names_and_codes	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/lib/states.rb	/^    def us_state_names_and_codes$/;"	f	class:States
valid?	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/navigation/lib/navigation/navigator.rb	/^      def valid?(key)$/;"	f	class:RPH.Navigation.Navigator
value_to_string	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/rails_upgrade/lib/routes_upgrader.rb	/^      def value_to_string(value)$/;"	f	class:Rails.Upgrading.RouteObject
verify	/Users/bruparel/rrw/file_manager_authlogic/vendor/plugins/stump/lib/stump/mocks.rb	/^      def verify(mock)$/;"	f	class:Stump.Mocks
